
We will be having a group meeting on May 10th at 4 PM. We will be discussing 
tagging, changing fundamentals, and group changes.  Pizza will be provided.  
I would like to have these meetings on a monthly basis to stay on top of the 
changing market and to keep everyone updated with changes on the floor.  If 
you cannot make the meeting or have something in particular you would like 
discussed, or have a preference in pizza, please let me know as soon as 
possible.

Thanks,
Bill